Update installation of local cds-dk (#1510)
cap-js/docs: java/developing-applications/building.md

### Using a Local cds-dk

By default, the Maven build is configured to download a Node.js runtime and the `@sap/cds-dk` tools and install them locally in the project.
Starting with version 3.6.0, the default setup of a CAP Java project has changed. The `@sap/cds-dk` is maintained as a `devDependency` in `package.json` and installed with an `npm ci` during the Maven build.
The `install-cdsdk` goal is no longer used to install the `@sap/cds-dk` locally and it's also marked as deprecated. The version of the `@sap/cds-dk` is no longer maintained in `pom.xml`, it's configured in the `package.json`:
```json
{
  "devDependencies" : {
    "@sap/cds-dk" : "^8.5.1",
  }
}
```

> A `package-lock.json` is also created during project creation with the `cds-services-archetype`. This allows the `npm ci` to run successfully and all transitive dependencies of @sap/cds-dk to be pinned to fix versions. With this, you can ensure that the CDS build is fully reproducible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `package-lock.json` is also created during project creation with the `cds-services-archetype`. The lock file is needed for the `npm ci` to run successfully and pins the transitive dependencies of @sap/cds-dk to fixed versions. Fixing the versions ensures that the CDS build is fully reproducible.
```

### Using a Local cds-dk

Starting with version 3.6.0 of the `cds-services-archetype`, the default setup of a newly created CAP Java project has changed. The `@sap/cds-dk` is maintained as a `devDependency` in `package.json` and installed with an `npm ci` during the Maven build.
The `install-cdsdk` goal is no longer used to install the `@sap/cds-dk` locally and it's also marked as deprecated. The version of the `@sap/cds-dk` is no longer maintained in `pom.xml`, it's configured in the `package.json`:
```json
{
  "devDependencies" : {
    "@sap/cds-dk" : "^8.5.1",
  }
}
```
A `package-lock.json` is also created during project creation with the `cds-services-archetype`. The lock file is needed for `npm ci` to run successfully and pins the transitive dependencies of @sap/cds-dk to fixed versions. Fixing the versions ensures that the CDS build is fully reproducible.

::: warning
For multitenant applications, ensure that the `@sap/cds-dk` version in the sidecar is in sync.
:::

> #### Migrate from goal `install-cdsdk` to `npm ci`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Migrate from goal `install-cdsdk` to `npm ci` { #migration-install-cdsdk }
```
